d:\Users\Usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\Alura.ListaLeitura\Alura.ListaLeitura.App\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Views\Cadastro\formulario.cshtml
d:\Users\Usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\Alura.ListaLeitura\Alura.ListaLeitura.App\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\ListaLeitura.App.deps.json
d:\Users\Usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\Alura.ListaLeitura\Alura.ListaLeitura.App\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\ListaLeitura.App.runtimeconfig.json
d:\Users\Usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\Alura.ListaLeitura\Alura.ListaLeitura.App\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\ListaLeitura.App.runtimeconfig.dev.json
d:\Users\Usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\Alura.ListaLeitura\Alura.ListaLeitura.App\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\ListaLeitura.App.dll
d:\Users\Usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\Alura.ListaLeitura\Alura.ListaLeitura.App\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\ListaLeitura.App.pdb
d:\Users\Usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\Alura.ListaLeitura\Alura.ListaLeitura.App\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\ListaLeitura.App.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
d:\Users\Usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\Alura.ListaLeitura\Alura.ListaLeitura.App\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\ListaLeitura.App.AssemblyInfo.cs
d:\Users\Usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\Alura.ListaLeitura\Alura.ListaLeitura.App\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\ListaLeitura.App.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Users\Usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\Alura.ListaLeitura\Alura.ListaLeitura.App\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\ListaLeitura.App.dll
d:\Users\Usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\Alura.ListaLeitura\Alura.ListaLeitura.App\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\ListaLeitura.App.pdb
d:\Users\Usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\Alura.ListaLeitura\Alura.ListaLeitura.App\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\ListaLeitura.App.genruntimeconfig.cache
d:\Users\Usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\Alura.ListaLeitura\Alura.ListaLeitura.App\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Views\Livros\Lista.cshtml
d:\Users\Usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\Alura.ListaLeitura\Alura.ListaLeitura.App\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\ListaLeitura.App.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
D:\Users\Usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\Alura.ListaLeitura\ListaLeitura.App\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Views\Livros\Lista.cshtml
D:\Users\Usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\Alura.ListaLeitura\ListaLeitura.App\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Views\Cadastro\formulario.cshtml
D:\Users\Usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\Alura.ListaLeitura\ListaLeitura.App\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\ListaLeitura.App.deps.json
D:\Users\Usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\Alura.ListaLeitura\ListaLeitura.App\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\ListaLeitura.App.runtimeconfig.json
D:\Users\Usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\Alura.ListaLeitura\ListaLeitura.App\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\ListaLeitura.App.runtimeconfig.dev.json
D:\Users\Usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\Alura.ListaLeitura\ListaLeitura.App\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\ListaLeitura.App.dll
D:\Users\Usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\Alura.ListaLeitura\ListaLeitura.App\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\ListaLeitura.App.pdb
D:\Users\Usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\Alura.ListaLeitura\ListaLeitura.App\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\ListaLeitura.App.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
D:\Users\Usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\Alura.ListaLeitura\ListaLeitura.App\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\ListaLeitura.App.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
D:\Users\Usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\Alura.ListaLeitura\ListaLeitura.App\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\ListaLeitura.App.AssemblyInfo.cs
D:\Users\Usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\Alura.ListaLeitura\ListaLeitura.App\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\ListaLeitura.App.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\Users\Usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\Alura.ListaLeitura\ListaLeitura.App\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\ListaLeitura.App.dll
D:\Users\Usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\Alura.ListaLeitura\ListaLeitura.App\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\ListaLeitura.App.pdb
D:\Users\Usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2019\Projects\Alura.ListaLeitura\ListaLeitura.App\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\ListaLeitura.App.genruntimeconfig.cache
